and we're back I'm Russ Bengston when
i'm jacques Slade and this is andrew
wiggins MVP of the Rising Stars
Challenge is this exactly kind of what
you envisioned in your first also a
weekend in New York oh yeah it's been
crazy you know I never got to witness
all yet you know that dunk off tonight
all-star games tomorrow so I said a lot
more to see you know by enjoyed every
second that here what was like going up
against your teammates last night I mean
you got to play against Shabazz and
playing exact it was fun you know it was
all love you know I think we entertain
the fans you know we can pee on the
floor you know but I'm used to it you
know I play against those guys every day
in practice is it more intense and
practice going against each other than
it was yesterday in the game oh
definitely more intention practice you
know because this there's more defense
being played there's more things going
on it was this kind of like the dunk
contest for you what did you look at
this is like kind of your dunk contest
cuz everyone gets off on this game ah
nods when went to the game you know just
try and get a feel for the game I think
I come to me not rush anything you know
I got a lot of open dunk so yeah so last
night you played in the new boost shoe
how was that I would feel great you know
they're very comfortable you know that
fit right perfect on my feet you know
and the 14th the crazy late 14th tho
those were good but the 15 just took it
up a notch and at a level has boots been
something you've been wearing a lot off
the court to like pure boost and stuff
like that definitely that and I'm love
of shell toes in awesome that's okay
that's really all I rock have you uh
have you spent some time in the easies
the 750s this weekend not yet I got him
I I'm afraid to touch him awesome well
thank you for coming out we definitely
look forward to seeing you play had an
amazing season so far and look forward
to what you have to do in a second half
and obviously on into the rest of these
NBA years of yours guys I'm Jacques
Slade Merce Bengston we're here with
Andrew Wiggins